Security and privacy represent major concerns in the adoption of cloud technologies for data storage. An approach to mitigate these concerns is the use of encryption. However, whereas encryption assures the confidentiality of the data against the cloud, the use of conventional encryption approaches is not sufficient to support the enforcement of fine-grained organizational access control policies (ACPs). Many organizations have today ACPs regulating which users can access which data; these ACPs are often expressed in terms of the properties of the users, referred to as identity attributes, using access control languages such as XACML. Such an approach, referred to as attribute based access control (ABAC), supports fine-grained access control which is crucial for high-assurance data security and privacy. Supporting ABAC over encrypted data is a critical requirement in order to utilize cloud storage services for selective data sharing among different users. Notice that often user identity attributes encode private information and should thus be strongly protected from the cloud, very much as the data themselves. Approaches based on encryption have been proposed for fine-grained access control over encrypted data. As shown in Figure 1.1, those approaches group data items based on ACPs and encrypt each group with a different symmetric key. Users then are given only the keys for the data items they are allowed to access. Extensions to reduce the number of keys that need to be distributed to the users have been proposed exploiting hierarchical and other relationships among data items. Such approaches however have several limitations:
Current approaches to enforce ACPs on outsourced data using selective encryption require organizations to manage all keys and encryptions and upload the encrypted data to the remote storage. Such approaches incur high communication and computation cost to manage keys and encryptions whenever user credentials change.
To find the better approach to delegate the enforcement of fine-grained access control to the cloud, so to minimize the overhead at the data owners, while assuring data confidentiality from the cloud. In this paper, I proposed a two layer encryption based approach to solve this problem by delegating as much of the access control enforcement responsibilities as possible to the Cloud while minimizing the information exposure risks due to colluding Users and Cloud. Specifically, it provides a better way to handle data updates, user dynamics, and policy changes. The system goes through one additional phase compared to existing approach 
I propose a framework for enforcing access control policies on published XML documents using cryptography. In this framework the owner publishes a single data instance, which is partially encrypted, and which enforces all access control policies. My contributions include a declarative language for access policies, and the resolution of these policies into a logical “protection model” which protects an XML tree with keys. The data owner enforces an access control policy by granting keys to users. The model is quite powerful, allowing the data owner to describe complex access scenarios, and is also quite elegant, allowing logical optimizations to be described as rewriting rules. Finally, I describe cryptographic techniques for enforcing the protection model on published data, and provide a performance analysis using real datasets.